All right, so those were the creation of patterns.
Now let's talk about the structural design patterns.
There are more of them than the recreational ones.
So first of all, we looked at an adapter which converts the interface that you get from some system
or other to the interface that you need.
We also discussed the fact that an adapter, by virtue of performing the conversion, can spawn additional
objects that can spawn additional data.
And if you are calling the adapter many times on the same data, then it might make sense to actually
cash the results of the adaptation.
So if your adapter generates some temporary information, you might want to cache this information for
subsequent calls.
Then we looked at the bridge design pattern, which simply decouples the abstraction from implementation.
So instead of having that sort of Cartesian product explosion in the number of subclasses, what you
do is you use composition instead.
So you simply take out a part of the hierarchy and the separate interface and then you refer to it via
an ordinary field, for example.
Then we looked at the composite design pattern and then the composite design pattern lets clients treat
individual objects as well as compositions of objects uniformly.
And we saw how easy it is to do this in the in that framework, because essentially any scalar object,
any singular object can present itself to be a collection of these objects by simply implementing innumerable
of itself.
So if you have a class called, you implement innumerable AFU and then you simply yield return this
and that way, you present yourself as an enumerable collection containing just a single element.
And that element of yourself is the class that is actually providing the functionality.
Then we looked at decorator, which allows you to attach responsibilities to objects so you have an
object defined already and you want to expand its functionality.
But if inheritance isn't available for you and there are many cases where it isn't like, for example,
we've seen String Builder, which is a sealed class you cannot inherit from it.
So you build a decorator, you build an object which aggregates the string builder in this case, copies
all of the functionality and suddenly rush hour makes it easy to create all the delegating members.
And then you add additional functionality on top of it.
And thereby you can have a decorator on top of that object and you can also have decorator's of decorators,
unfortunately, because in C sharp you cannot inherit from a type argument.
You cannot automatically gets all the objects behavior by inheritance.
So in C Sharp, the decorator is usable as a dynamic property, a dynamic decorator that you construct
by passing the decorated object as a constructor argument.
But having a decorator which uses inheritance and uses the layering of generic arguments is not a feasible
approach, unfortunately, in the in that framework.
So moving on, let's talk about more structural design pattern.
So we looked at facade and facade essentially provides a single unified interface over a set of classes
or systems.
And this is one module where instead of doing a synthetic demo, I've showed you something which is
real world, which is a console class which actually hides behind itself a rather large set of subsystems,
and it provides a high level interface.
So you can take a console and you can write a line on it.
But on the other hand, you also have access to all the internals, all the buffers, the viewport,
it's the texture manager and so on.
And this is something that is a design decision.
So essentially you can have a façade which just exposes the commonly accessible information, the kind
of high level designs.
But you can leak some of the implementation details through the facade and there is no problem in it.
And that way you are serving two different groups of people.
You're serving people who just want to get things done and they get the high level interface.
They're sort of unified, single, usable interface.
But you also get the power users that way.
So you serve the power users who maybe want to customize the system a little bit and you give the functionality
for that as well.
Then we looked at the flyaway design pattern, which is a way of efficiently supporting the very large
number of similar objects.
And it's essentially a space optimization technique.
So when you have a game with many people called John Doe, for example, what you want to do is not
store John Doe in every single row of a database, if that is what is being, you know, suggested here.
Instead, you keep the names separate and then you have links to those names.
So if 100 people are called John Doe, they will have just a single integer pointing to that particular
name.
Then we looked at the proxy design pattern and the proxy essentially provides a surrogate object which
forwards the calls to the real object while performing additional functions.
And those functions can be well, they can be virtually anything but common uses of proxies, for example,
protection proxies, where you check whether the user has the access rights to call some method on a
particular object or they.
Can be, for example, remoting proxy's where the object doesn't really live on the system in the same
process as the process you're working with, but having calls on that object actually sort of serialize
as all the arguments and passes them to, let's say, a process running on some other machine and then
the rest of the processing happens on that other machine.
So there are different kinds of proxies.
But the general idea is that you replicate the interface once again.
But in the implementation of the interface, in addition to just forwarding the calls, you also do
additional operations.
Now, we also have this thing called Dynamic Proxy, which is very popular in Darknet and elsewhere.
And that dynamic proxy, instead of having the proxy made at compile time where you make the proxy by
making the appropriate classes and whatever, it actually creates a proxy dynamically.
So this is dynamic programming.
It's basically constructing types at runtime as opposed to compile time.
And the upside here is that in certain cases you don't have to manually replicate the target object
API.
Instead, what you can do is you can specify additional behaviors to be added to every single method
of a particular class, for example.